what it is about codec aka Hollywood
cake Hollywood coding pizza / for you
and saying all night if you leave me no
sense with everyone coming soon come on
boy young people don't see a que ell oh
vee bka better known as mr. biagio he's
being real goon make this video for a
fan lot of people that supported us put
our pictures on a page and shit if you
hit us up in a message we try to get
back which are we all if you love us a
comment this VR it was up in center and
mice and if you ain't had a number it or
if you didn't don't say either put my
picture my song go download it on sale
of I'm getting me right now yo Sam one
number 68 258 356 96 no saying just hit
me up i'ma hit you back I'm hitting
people back no say if you want to check
it out got a couple people who no sooner
said mother fucking pictures recent we
got on the same shit he had a home from
early no says yes be mr. Fisher I'll say
download fast I always have my picture
your pay show some love to me your top
whatever them and if you just look at
youtube you put them off of a video your
page know soon mostly on myspace.com /
codec us asian championship all fucking
hot line 99 99 290 26 with a month for
the top five mansion you gave me check
my nigga terial out copies mixtec egb
vol.1 a high 34 tracks ten dollars on
the street came beat it you feel me but
Sam I'm sorry I did this really me on
Sam it's a boy should what I'm checking
out
how do a chaos and it's really it's
really me sir not nothing too major
saying just shoulder it's gonna do this
for y'all you might be on my top hit me
or say about their wish I my boy Yankees
awesome yes my boys awesome we all know
Sam your legs which I think about us
making a fan page my face will get done
soon it does something to calm it is
here we go get back at song enseno to
see this up ed it's still a dream team
idiot